Cloud Computing Basics (Cloud 101) Module 01 Quiz Questions

Which of the following services does Cloud offer? Select all that apply.
True or False: Cloud makes services available by way of the Internet.
Which TWO of the following are true of Cloud services?
Does Cloud replace your native hardware and software?
Cloud services are delivered _.
Any services accessed over the network are.
Which feature of Cloud services makes it possible to manage computing infrastructure better and more efficiently?
What is the name of the product that manages Cloud services on hardware?
Which is not a category of Cloud Computing?
True or False: Firms can use a console to administer Cloud services.
Cloud Computing Basics (Cloud 101) Module 02 Quiz Questions

Which of the following is NOT a feature of IaaS?
The IaaS approach uses _ to maintain consistency, making it possible to manage hardware like you would manage software.
True or False: IaaS provides virtual servers for application hosting.
Which of the following feature is an example of Platform as a Service (PaaS)?
Which of the following offers pay-as-you-go or rental options for enterprise software, as well as enables geographic around-the-clock development using the same investment?
When using SaaS, do users need to install the offered software before using it?
Which of the following is NOT an example of SaaS?
Function as a Service (FaaS) provides an application development environment in the form of __.
True or False: With FaaS, the environment continues to run during idle time, incurring costs.
Which of the following are disadvantages to Cloud computing?
Cloud Computing Basics (Cloud 101) Module 03 Quiz Questions

How are Cloud services delivered on a Private Cloud?
Which of the following offers services as a 3rd party provider, delivers services over public internet, are generally available to everyone, and are invoiced based only on what is used?
Hybrid Cloud allows firms to respond to many of the disadvantages of public Cloud.
Which of the following is a strategy of High-Performance Computing (HPC)?
A group of computers acting as one is a __.
A __ is where a public cloud provider dedicates a set of computing resources for a specific customer.
Big Data involves highly complex data sets.
True or False: A VPN allows firms to extend their network to outside data centers using internet connections.
With which of the following do firms have full control of their data?
Which THREE of these are key components of HPC?
Cloud Computing Basics (Cloud 101) Module 04 Quiz Questions

A hosting strategy where software products are installed on the physical hardware.
Which of the following are true of Bare-metal computing? Select all that apply.
True or False? Running Virtual Machines (VMs) makes better use of the existing hardware.
With a VM, multiple copies of the VM images can be made, each with their own ___ and host ID.
A PaaS product that provides virtualized operating system environments called containers that are 100% independent from each other.
A product that automates application deployment, scaling, and maintenance. It is a PaaS container orchestration product that can also be offered as an IaaS.
Which of the following are features of On-premises Computing? Select all that apply.
True or False? With Cloud computing, the delivery of the software services can be by a public, private, or virtual private network.
Computing services are brought physically closer to the customer. It has evolved into running software and applications while keeping latency low.
The cloud uses one or more __ to execute the software product.
Cloud Computing Basics (Cloud 101) Module 05 Quiz Questions

Which of the following platform is a Microsoft product that offers Linux and Windows OS computing as well as packages for different sized firms?
Which of the following is a popular feature of Amazon Web Services (AWS)?
True or False: AWS's Amazon Machine Image (AMI) enables teams to template running servers and to copy and run templated images.
AWS offers varieties of____________. Select all that apply.
Which of the following provides Cloud services such as IaaS, PaaS, and Faas, and lists over 100 products in their brand?
Offers include IaaS, SaaS, PaaS, Private Cloud, Virtual Private Cloud, Hybrid Cloud, as well as the typical virtualization services and solutions for DevOps.
_ are a major offering of the IBM Cloud.
True or False: IBM Cloud offers a single console because its Cloud offerings are not numerous.
What is SalesForce's primary product type?
SalesForce's cloud service offers development environments and tools designed to integrate with other SalesForce offerings.
Cloud Computing Basics (Cloud 101) Module 06 Quiz Questions

Serverless Computing is an extension of.
True or False: Pricing for Serverless Computing is based on the services, and not the runtime computing time used.
Which of the following are trade-offs of Serverless Computing?
Which of the following has created an operating environment that is the equivalent to an operating network and is based on a network of computers?
_____ data converts it to a string of fixed length and stores it on the node. It can reflect whether data has been tampered with or hacked.
Which of the following is true of distributed applications? Select all that apply.
A computing strategy process that processes data for computer programs to make decisions.
True or False: AI learning requires vast amounts of data storage.
The _ forms the foundation of smart devices and automated devices.
Which of the following provides real-time metrics on IoT solutions and looks for vulnerabilities?
Get Answers of All these Question on Networking Funda

Cloud Computing Basics (Cloud 101) Quiz Answers
Find accurate Cloud Computing Basics (Cloud 101) Quiz Answers to strengthen your understanding of cloud concepts. Get detailed explanations and solutions to excel in your cloud computing quizzes

Get Answers Here: https://networkingfunda.com/cloud-computing-basics-cloud-101-quiz-answers/
